and so I I'm no longer convinced that
seed is particularly like a bargain in
terms of that part of the market um in
fact I I think probably series a or
series B is a better place to invest I
think you know the question is always
the tradeoff between uh proof and you
know H how much proof do you want as an
investor versus the extra valuation that
you have to pay up for that and my and I
think that you know a couple of years
ago uh you'd have to pay up a ton for
that incremental proof because it just
you know it felt like the valuations
would just you know hockey stick as soon
as anything seems to be working yeah and
now I think investors are more skeptical
and I think you don't have to pay as
much to get a little bit more proof and
so I think it's okay to wait basically
just incrementally yeah if you can't I
mean that's the parado all of it for
Founders you would wait if you could
right right um you know when I started
the lesson I was taught is from C to a
you it need the valuation needs to at
least double but ideally triple not not
to be fancy or to look it on paper but
to justify the risk because if you have
enough money and craft has enough money
you might as well wait like I'll pay 2x
the price for a for for a tenth the risk
that's the biggest bargain in the world
right yes I think that's right so if
it's if if it is an 80% mortality rate
from C to series a series a is need to
be what is that five times basic the
math just say like the math doesn't work
right it doesn't but and and and I think
there has been a correction so the
correction evaluation started with the
the super late stage stuff because what
happened is the the crossover investors
who had come into the market like the
Tigers and so on they just got their
faces ripped off so they basically just
got out of the market and so the super
late stage rounds is where liquidity
just dried up and then it started
trickling down and so you know first
series C was hard and then series B got
hard I mean everyone who's kind of
around earlier can look forward and see
oh wait a second there's no one to
Market my deal anymore I better be like
really conservative and it trickles all
the way down but seed obviously is the
last round for it to trickle down to and
I'm not sure it's like fully corrected
yeah I don't I think folks here may feel
I actually think here in in like the
virtual Bay area where you have multiple
successful founders with lots of money I
don't think it's corrected at all for
the for the Habs right for for the for
the ones with the right resumés that
that came out of stripe or came out of
Yammer came out of wherever they they
there's no impact right there's still a
surplus of folks who in many case are
gentle people investors and they don't
care right um all right two things I
want to hit on this slide maybe we lost
it up front if we could bring it back
there's a lot but these are things I
know you've thought about so we talked
at the beginning 80% of crafts think
about AI other things that got exciting
and maybe are less today let's talk
about the second one first low margin
SAS right and and you've done plenty of
stuff in fintech and combination over
your career I still get confused when I
meet with a Founder with a 30% or 40%
mergin business yeah how how are you
thinking about this today it seemed like
a perfect thing in 2021 to bolt on a low
margin payments business to anything
didn't it yeah I mean I would say to me
when I hear the term low margin SAS that
sounds like an
oxymoron like I think it is an oxymoron
software is supposed to be high margin
um the the Insight that made Bill Gates
the richest man in the world is he
realized he could mass-produce software
so at a low cost right because I don't
know how we got away from that right
because the you put a floppy disc or a
CD ROM you print it you distribute it to
10 million people and it's cash right
right specifically it's an IP business
meaning that all the expense in creating
the software goes into producing the
first instance or the first copy of the
software making additional copies of it
is on the margins free and so the more
of it you can sell the more lucrative it
is that I mean that's the definition of
gross margin